created readme file (#14)
GSG-G8/applicants-system: README.md

- see information about the Code Academy and the requirement before sign-in application.
- sign up by my username, email, and password.
- check if my email is valid after registration for the first time.
- login to my application by using my email and password. 
- see my application data, status, and progress on my profile page. 
- logout from my application and return anytime within application time.
- edit my personal account data.
- go in my application by filling my information.
- see all the steps and tasks that I supposed to do.
- ask for help If I get stuck in solving technical tasks by going to discord channel for applicants which I can get help from others.
- see updates, deadlines, and announcements from the Code academy team.
- submit my application if I completed the application's steps.
- get Notifications from the code academy team about the next steps after submitting my application. 

#### As an Admin I can : 

- see all applications and their status.
- check submitted applications and detect completed ones for interviews.  
- add announcements to be shown in code academy applications.
- filter applications by cohort numbers or application status.

> - create a new application to send it for applicants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- edit cohots numbers for every new application .
- add, delete and edit projects, technical tasks and application steps that send for applicants. 
```

## The MVP Link
 gif
## Application Setup

first clone this repo 
```
git clone https://github.com/GSG-G8/applicants-system.git
```
then run ```npm i``` to install the dependencies for the app.

#### Run the App
In your terminal write:
```
npm start
 ```

>  to start the app in the browser 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Application Setup :mag:

- clone this repo 
`git clone https://github.com/GSG-G8/applicants-system.git`
- run `npm i  && cd client npm i `  to install all dependencies & devdependancies for the app.
- In your terminal write: `cd .. && npm start` to start the app in the browser.
```
